fix(typo): Some Avgi typo fixes (#12573)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/avgi/avgi outfits.txt

	"energy generation" 6
	"heat generation" 48
	"overheat damage rate" 3

> 	description "While most Avgi starships either use solar arrays or tap energy from their torch drives, sometimes a more consistent power source is desirable. The Lantern is a compact electrostatic gas core fission reactor, which supplies a stable, reliable flow of power to even larger ships. With uranium plasma intermixed with hydrogen gas, an applied voltage keeps the ionized uranium fuel contained in the reactor core while the superheated hydrogen is allowed to flow through a compact magnetohydrodynamic generator. The high temperatures involved allow the reactor to achieve a surprisingly high thermodynamic efficiency for its size, at the cost of producing significant amounts of waste heat."

Reviewer: Hmm... "large" might make more sense than "larger" because "even larger" sounds like it's being compared to something (this also applies to "even smaller" in the original wording). I think this is maybe the least awkward way to put it?

```suggestion
	description "While most Avgi starships either use solar arrays or tap energy from their torch drives, sometimes a more consistent power source is desirable. The Lantern is a compact electrostatic gas core fission reactor, which supplies a stable, reliable flow of power to even a large ship. With uranium plasma intermixed with hydrogen gas, an applied voltage keeps the ionized uranium fuel contained in the reactor core while the superheated hydrogen is allowed to flow through a compact magnetohydrodynamic generator. The high temperatures involved allow the reactor to achieve a surprisingly high thermodynamic efficiency for its size, at the cost of producing significant amounts of waste heat."
```

or alternatively

```suggestion
	description "While most Avgi starships either use solar arrays or tap energy from their torch drives, sometimes a more consistent power source is desirable. The Lantern is a compact electrostatic gas core fission reactor, which supplies a stable, reliable flow of power to even the largest ships. With uranium plasma intermixed with hydrogen gas, an applied voltage keeps the ionized uranium fuel contained in the reactor core while the superheated hydrogen is allowed to flow through a compact magnetohydrodynamic generator. The high temperatures involved allow the reactor to achieve a surprisingly high thermodynamic efficiency for its size, at the cost of producing significant amounts of waste heat."
```

but I'm not sure if that second one is strictly true or the intended meaning.

Author: For the first one, "ships" seems to be used more than "ship" for outfit descriptions (or, at least the ones I checked).

For the second one, that seems more of an over-estimate of the Lantern's abilites, but, I'm unsure.

Reviewer: I don't think it should matter whether it's "ship" or "ships" in this case as long as it's grammatically valid and clear to the player. I don't think precedent alone should be the main deciding factor with it. If you think it's unclear or awkward with the singular "ship," though, that's different.

As to the second one, I'd agree; it's not the best choice.

Reviewer 2: No, it's supposed to say smaller.

Reviewer: How about dropping the `even` then, or providing some specific ship to compare against?

Reviewer 2: It's not a comparison. I would just change it to "even to smaller ships" if you have to.

Author: Dosen't the presence of "even" imply a comparison though?

Also, what's your thought process on having it say "smaller" in the first place?

Reviewer 2: Because it's meant for even small ships.

Reviewer 3: I agree with Azure. This makes sense the way it is. The comparison isn't being made between ships, it's being made between fusion reactors. Wording the sentence a different way, this is a very small fusion reactor, allowing the Avgi to provide fusion power to even smaller ships than if they only had larger fusion reactors.

Reviewer 2: ~~it's a fission reactor~~

Reviewer 3: ~~Whatever.~~

Author: Ok, I don't know why, but it only just registered that the Lantern is supposed to be a small reactor, so, I'm sorry for being an idiot. I'm guessing I thought "compact" ment "not space station sized", but I really don't know. I'll revert the change, but, I don't know wether to leave this conversation open or not.

Edit: Wait, is my being confused enough to warrant keeping this conversation open?

Reviewer 4: While I can't speak for the maintainers, I personally think this is a good conversation to have. The original wording isn't clear that the compactness is what makes it fit for a smaller ship, so I can see how this confusion occurred. 

I expect that can be improved - just playing with word order I came up with:
`The Lantern is an electrostatic gas core fission reactor, compact enough to supply even small ships a stable, reliable flow of power.`
Which is maybe a bit more clear (though probably still not great.)
